o Lower dizziness on affliction priorities (gets in the way of burns curing)
o Cure 4th (and 3rd?) degree burns with power cures, if possible
o Don't keep using ibululu so much on a target
o Fix raze tracking to take down aura and shield when speed is razed first

o Make village influencing queue up automatically
o Handle Battlechess/Battlerun arena modes properly
o Make window/scry/etc enchantments decrement charges correctly
o Learn lessons in batches, tracking as you go
o Switching auto tea colors should double-check that your defense is the right color (if already up)
o When prone with a simple broken leg, send the stand command at the same time as the mending (new meta-aff, likely)
o The climb_down flag isn't used at all any more? Need to put the 'no trees' option back in properly!
o Don't writhe while ectoplasm'd. Don't writhe anything but impale when crucified.
o Set a temporary flag to prevent sipping while ascending to the Havens or teleporting or totem returning
o Cancel speedwalk properly when an obstacle is encountered.
o Show module balance timers when aetherhunting
o Missing Celestialism/Nihilism symbol strike affliction triggers; should be the same as the angel/demon triggers, except the messages
o Died on an aethership and didn't mark as unlocked
o Add Healing skill to curing queue options (able, actions, cures, the works)
o Falling into a pit sets the beast's new location to the current room, even if it's not following (?)
o Queue up reading watch on login to avoid blindness from sixthsense
o Double-check HME healing to keep transmute from firing when it's really not necessary
o Figure out how rooms get messed up when manually overriding the area
o Record milestone ID and room vnum when imbued
o Collector siphoned, even with auto siphon off
o Clear razing flag when the action is prevented (prone, paralyzed, etc)
o Fix speedwalking infinite loops (one in northwest Verasavir, one in Hallifax glass elevator) --> Alicia says try IDDFS algorithm
o Fix speedwalking through one-way exits (out of orgbix room, for example)
o Warning for Harmony Deathtouch:
    With a single finger, Hiriako touches his gut, heart and forehead, causing his fingertip to glow with a shimmering light. He leans forward and gently touches your breast. A glistening fingerprint remains in the place where he touched you.
    (safe again)
    The glowing fingerprint upon your breast fades out of sight and you breathe a sigh of relief.

Run-time error
World: SG1
Immediate execution
[string "Trigger: defwork_consciousness__"]:2: attempt to call field 'repel' (a nil value)
stack traceback:
        [string "Trigger: defwork_consciousness__"]:2: in main chunk

songstatus
You are currently on the 3rd stanza of "Bash".
Without further performance, the song will end in 70 seconds.
You are attended by the spirits of ten of your ancestors.


(escaped via hamster)
Veyrzhul viciously smacks a purple chaos hamster plushy about the chops.

(check org/target/enemy status for alert)
Nydekion jerks slightly as the air fills with sparkling motes of bright light.
You sense Veyrzhul pulling on the strands of aether surrounding Nydekion.


#1 Lendren: 10/16 12:52 "When you probe a totem (if you have the relevant skill) the message is: ^You judge that this living totem has (%d) days left before its totemic carvings weather away and it reverts to an elder tree.$  When you carve a tree it looks like this: ^You shimmy up to the top of an elder moonhart tree and your hands begin to glow an emerald green. With utmost devotion, you call upon the spirits of nature. The wood beneath your hands is shaped into representations of each totem as you work your way down to the base of an elder moonhart tree until finally you stand before a totempole.$  And an uncarved elder looks like this: An elder moonhart tree towers overhead, her thick trunk rooted firmly in the ground.  The project is #157 but you can't see it as it's Hartstone only, but the format isn't something you really need to see.  It's just got in tabular format, three columns: date (I use YYY-MM-DD format for easier sorting and clarity), map room number, and room name; it shows all totems that will revert in the next two game months, sorted in order of reversion, earliest first.  Anything else you need?"


The shadows to the southwest ripple violently at the intrusion of Silvanus.
An ebon nightmare spots Silvanus's entrance from the southwest, snorting in 
derision.

The darkness follows Lilian and her fleeing steps to the southeast.
An ebon nightmare watches Lilian's retreat to the southeast, stamping its 
hooves in frustration.

Vadi slings a rad rune at Shuyin, hitting him in the chest.
Blinking in astonishment, Shuyin disappears in a flash of light.

(damage)
A stream of liquid fire shoots in from the south and blasts you, scorching your flesh.

(damage)
Gwenaelle plays a ravenwood viola and directs the shadowy notes towards you.
A shadow passes over you, causing your gorge to rise and heart beat to quicken.
